Rt Winston Peters (NZ First, List)
1 Company directorships and controlling interests
Oriwa Limited (not trading) – consultancy and contract advice
4 Beneficial interests in, and trusteeships of, trusts
Rawhiti Land Trust (beneficiary)
6 Real property
House, St Marys Bay, Auckland
House, Whananaki South, Northland
Land, Whananaki South, Northland
7 Superannuation schemes
Government Superannuation Fund (Parliamentary Scheme)
10 Creditors
Westpac Bank – mortgage
11 Overseas travel costs
Australia – Australia – New Zealand Leadership Forum ministerial meeting.
Contributor to accommodation and ground transport: Government of Australia.
Niue, Cook Islands, Samoa, and Tonga – Pacific Mission (PACPF) bilateral
meetings. Contributors to ground transport: Government of the Cook Islands and
Government of Tonga.
United Kingdom and Belgium – Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting
and European Union programme. Contributor to ground transport: Government of
the United Kingdom.
Singapore – bilateral meetings. Contributor to ground transport and
accommodation: Government of Singapore.
New Caledonia – France–Pacific meetings. Contributor to ground transport:
Government of New Caledonia.
China – bilateral visits. Contributor to ground transport and accommodation:
Government of China.
Singapore – ASEAN Regional Forum and East Asia Summit Foreign Ministers’
Meeting. Contributor to ground transport and accommodation: Government of
Singapore.
Samoa – Forum Foreign Ministers’ Meeting. Contributor to ground transport and
accommodation: Government of Samoa.
Nauru – Pacific Islands Forum Meeting. Contributor to ground transport:
Government of Nauru.
Thailand – bilateral meetings. Contributor to ground transport and
accommodation: Government of Thailand.
Indonesia – Joint Ministerial Commission talks. Contributor to ground transport
and accommodation: Government of Indonesia.
Singapore – East Asia Summit. Contributor to ground transport and
accommodation: Government of Singapore.
12 Gifts
Season passes to Ellerslie races (x2) (unused) – Ellerslie Auckland Racing Club
Tickets to Lexus Melbourne Cup Day (x2) – Victoria Racing Club
Box of Cohiba Behike cigars – Ambassador of Cuba to New Zealand
Qantas Chairman Lounge membership – Qantas Airways Limited
45
